**Abdoulie Kassama: Food Delivery Application Interview Transcript**

Interviewer: Abdoulie Kassama (**AK**)

Interviewee: Anjasmoro Adi Nugroho (**AN**)

Interview Setting: Interview conducted in dormitory study room. The
interview was conducted at 4:30 PM on Sunday afternoon.

Affiliation with interviewee: Anjas is a major stakeholder for the Food
delivery application and he is my contact person for the requirements
gathering.

(Start of Interview)

**AK**: Ok, Anjas could you briefly introduce yourself to us?

**AN**: Ok, my name is Anjas and I am the client who gave you this
project, the project is about a food delivery application.

**AK**: Thank you, I am the developer and interviewer. My first
question, could you give a brief description of the food delivery
application?

**AN**: Ok. The main idea of the food delivery application is to provide
the student the ability to order food through the application and
delivery of the food to the student. Yes, they make the order to the
food management in the canteen, make the order and get the order.

**AK**: Ok, so my next question is, what are the main functionalities of
the app? You have already touched on some of the way it works, can you
just give me the description of the main functionalities?

**AN**: Ok, the first is student can order the meal. Actually they can
see the list of the menu, after they see the list of menu they can order
to management of canteen. They take the notes about what the student
order and maybe make some preparation about the food and then deliver
the food to the student or the student can pick up by themselves in the
canteen.

**AK**: Ok, you mentioned their management, so who is responsible for
the management of the application? Who is managing it?

**AN**: Actually the management is the canteen, maybe we can just have
someone in the canteen to manage the application.

**AK**: So the canteen manages the application?

**AN**: Yes.

**AK**: So which of the canteens should we the developers be working
with? Is it all canteens in the school or are their specific canteens we
would be working with?

**AN**: I hope we can implement this application to all of the canteens
in the school.

**AK**: All of the canteens?

**AN**: Yes

**AK**: Great. So my next question is what kind of app would it be? Are
we talking of web application, mobile application or all combined?

**AN**: Actually, for the priority is maybe web application. It is
easier to create and maybe in the future we can add mobile application.

**AK**: Alright, that is clear. So next question, what are the different
roles/modes available in the application? You have already mentioned
about the management who would be managing, so we want to know what are
the other roles available?

**AN**: Actually there is two main roles, the first is student and the
second is canteen management.

**AK**: So it is student and management.

**AN**: Yes.

**AK**: How is the payment process done?

**AN**: We would consider about it, the first is prepaid. Use the
account balance or card. But maybe we can discuss it later, its needs a
lot of effort.

**AK**: Ok, but currently we are thinking of it in the view of paying by
card but there might be changes to it in the future.

**AN**: Yes, actually if you can provide more payment options it would
be good.

**AK**: Ok, the more options of payment we have the better?

**AN**: Yes.

**AK**: Okay. Sticking to the payment, even though it is not clear are
we thinking of prepaid or postpaid or should it be flexible?

**AN**: It will be flexible.

**AK**: How is the menu structured? How do the managers who you said
manage the application, how do they structure their menu?

**AN**: What do you mean?

**AK**: Do they go to the canteen and take pictures of the menu and
upload it? Or do we have pre-defined menus enabled in the system?

**AN**: Yes, actually it would be better if the management have
predefined menu. And they just pick what the current menu is.

**AK**: Okay, this leads me to the next question. Is there any regular
updates to the menu, how are the updates to the menu done? Do we have a
standard menu which is like a cycle for every week or is there a
flexibility there, might be different every week?

**AN**: Actually it belongs to the canteen management, hope we have a
defined and it depends on the canteen they would change it regularly or
not. And I hope there is a menu which can allow the management to change
the menu.

**AK**: Ok something that is, so basically it can be defined but it also
can be updated like if they have new stuff.

**AN**: Yes they can update it.

**AK**: Okay so flexible. So you mentioned earlier about how it works
and mentioned delivery, so how does the delivery system work? Is the
customer obliged to go collect the ordered food or is it delivered to
the client or optional?

**AN**: I cannot say it because it belongs to the canteen management but
it's optional, maybe the student can choose the menu. The collection is
very easy too. And maybe if canteen management want to deliver the menu
it would be better.

**AK**: Okay, sticking to the point. Is there any optional charges if
there is going to be delivery?

**AN**: Yes.

**AK**: Alright to the next question. Are there any restrictions one
needs to be aware of regarding the application? Am talking number of
orders, maximum items you can order, are there restrictions per day,
stuff like that?

**AN**: The first restriction about the order, the student must clear
the first order so they cannot make a second order before the first is
done. And then about the maximum orders, I am not thinking about it.

**AK**: So there are no limits to the maximum per day?

**AN**: Per day there is no limit.

**AK**: But for every order the previous order must be completed before
you can make another order?

**AN**: Yes

**AK**: Okay. How do the admin update the menus? I think you have
already mentioned about that, so that have been touched.

**AN**: Yes.

**AK**: So my next question would then be, would the customers have the
options to write feedback to the canteen regarding orders, service and
so on? So if they are happy or may not be happy about the orders?

**AN**: okay if you can provide this, it is not like the main service
but if you can provide this it would be good.

**AK**: Okay it is good to have a feedback.

**AN**: Yes.

**AK**: The next question is, is there any plans to extend the scope of
the application to outside of innopolis?

**AN**: No. It for Innopolis.

**AK**: Okay, almost there. Now how is the order processed once a
customer chooses a meal? So when they receive an order how do they
process it?

**AN**: When the management receive the order, they give the order to
the chefs and then they make a preparation. And if the food is deliver,
they deliver to the student and if the student want to pickup the meal,
they pick it up. We need to consider the time of the meal.

**AK**: The time of what?

**AN**: The delivery time or the pickup time.

**AK**: Okay the delivery time

**AN**: Yes done before the food is too long to wait.

**AK**: This is for the developers. Are we free to use any technology
for the development? Since you mentioned that the web is the main focus,
there are many technologies so is the developer free to use any
technology for the web application?

**AN**: Yes free to use, but we would still have to consult you about
the UI and then the performance but it is free to use.

**AK:** Okay, regarding the authentication and the users for the
customers. What are the access criteria for user to be able to use the
app and make orders? Are we talking of user accounts here, what kind of
account information are we using, emails, phone numbers?

**AN**: I think I prefer we need user accounts, as like they are
students or they are staff it makes things clearer. And is like standard
like the email, the phone number is enough.

**AK**: So email phone number.

**AN**: Yes email phone number and maybe you can add student number.

**AK**: Ok and a password I assume.

**AN**: Yes. Password.

**AK**: Ok, now to the last question. What is the standard operating
procedures for orders that are not picked up? So if a student makes an
order, if a customer makes an order and it is not picked up, what is the
procedure?

**AN**: If we talk of prepaid, they can deduct his balance and if it is
postpaid maybe we can add some notification like warning.

**AK**: Ok but for now there is no for that customer for not collecting
the order?

**AN**: Maybe we can add some restriction, if you have two times not
picked up the meals maybe you are suspended one week, one month.

**AK**: Ok but it is not clearly defined at the moment. Is there
anything you would like to add about the system?

**AN**: Actually for now it is enough and it is clear enough. Maybe
sometimes you can ask me later.

**AK**: Alright, Mr. Anjas thank you very much.
